Setup automated release system. (#183)
ember-a11y/ember-a11y-testing: RELEASE.md

# Release

Releases are mostly automated using
[release-it](https://github.com/release-it/release-it/) and
[lerna-changelog](https://github.com/lerna/lerna-changelog/).

## Preparation

Since the majority of the actual release process is automated, the primary
remaining task prior to releasing is confirming that all pull requests that
have been merged since the last release have been labeled with the appropriate
`lerna-changelog` labels and the titles have been updated to ensure they
represent something that would make sense to our users. Some great information
on why this is important can be found at
[keepachangelog.com](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), but the overall
guiding principle here is that changelogs are for humans, not machines.

When reviewing merged PR's the labels to be used are:

* breaking - Used when the PR is considered a breaking change.
* enhancement - Used when the PR adds a new feature or enhancement.
* bug - Used when the PR fixes a bug included in a previous release.
* documentation - Used when the PR adds or updates documentation.
* internal - Used for internal changes that still require a mention in the

>   changelog/release notes.

Reviewer: Just wondering, what would a minor/patch dependency update fall under, enhancement?

Reviewer 2: @drewlee wouldn't that be considered internal?

Reviewer: Yeah, that makes sense @MelSumner. Thanks for clarifying.

## Release

> Once the prep work is completed, the actual release is straight forward:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the prep work is completed, the release itself is straightforward:
```

Author: Ohh, thank you for this! This file is itself automatically generated from https://github.com/rwjblue/create-rwjblue-release-it-setup/blob/master/release-template.md.

@MelSumner - Would you mind sending off a PR over there too?
